Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Good evening, folks, hmm...
Good evening, you slags.
No, good evening, folks.
So, who is Robbie Williams?
Well, I've been called
many things -
narcissistic, punchable,
shit-eating twat,
but while I'm all those things,
I wanna show you
how I really see myself.
So sit back, relax,
while I give you a right
fucking entertaining.
So, the story starts...
1982, Stoke-on-Trent.
The arse-end of the
north of England.
Mitchell.
It may look grubby
and deprived...
-  Troy.
- But deep down...
-  Wayne.
- ...it was grubby and deprived.
Mason.
I didn't have much,
but at least
I had the respect...
-  Crystal.
- ...and admiration of my peers.
What?!
They just had
trouble showing it.
-  Robert.
- Yes! Come on!
Oi! Right, knobhead,
pass the ball to Nate
and let him do the rest.
Positions!
Oi! The fuck you off to?
You're in goal.
- But--
- Don't fuck it up.
I'm like a chainmail condom,
nothing's getting through.
Whoo! Let's go, slags!
I had plenty of balls.
But I couldn't stop
a single one.
I wasn't ready. Ohh!
-  Nice one, dickhead.
- Come on!
Oh!
Robert Williams,
captain of Port Vale.
You really are fucking
useless, aren't ya?
Little bitch!
It's alright, Rob.
Nate, just leave it.
Yeah...
Yeah, jog on, you tit.
Right, come on, let's go.
You're a fucking nobody!
See, where I grew up,
you were meant to act small.
But the thing is,
my DNA is cabaret.
I came out of the womb
with jazz hands.
Which was very painful
for my mum.
Heading downstairs
for a bit.
One of the barmen's
called in sick.
Goodnight, sweetheart.
Straight to bed, yeah?
- Don't let him ruin his dinner.
- Bye, love.
♪ And now the end is near
♪ And so
I face the final curtain ♪
♪ My friend
♪ I'll make it clear
How's about a warm hand
on my entrance?
♪ Of which I'm certain
♪ I've lived
a life that's full ♪
♪ I've travelled each
and every highway ♪
- ♪ And more... ♪
-  Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you...
♪ I did it my way
My dad was well enamoured
by the stars of the day -
Dean Martin, Sammy Davis Jr
and, of course, Sinatra.
They were gods to him.
Youth, you hear that?
That's pure love, that is.
It don't come cheap, mind.
You've got to risk it all -
whatever it takes.
Because if you make it...
...it's paradise.
Thing is, you can't learn it.
You're either born with it...
...or you're a nobody.
♪ And more
♪ Much more than this,
I did it... ♪
- Light 'em up!
♪ Yes, there were times
♪ I guess you knew
♪ When I bit off
more than I could chew ♪
♪ And through it all
when there was doubt ♪
♪ I ate it up and spit it out
♪ I grew tall
and through it all ♪
- Dad! Dad!
- ♪ And did it my--
Oh, fuck it!
- Now, look what you've--
- Sorry.
I had a full head
of steam then, and all.
- I can fix it.
- Get out the way.
- We can sing without it.
- It's not the same.
- Or... or we could--
- Robert!
I think it's time for a bath.
But I want to keep going.
Just go with your nan, will ya!
Come on, love. Come on.
Stupid...
Come on, blue eyes...
- ♪ My way... ♪
- Yes.
- Nan?
- Hm-mm.
What is...'it'?
What do you mean?
Dad said you have
to be born with 'it'...
- ...and maybe I wasn't.
- Ohhh.
Believe me, whatever 'it' is,
you got more than your share.
You're just saying that.
I'm bloody well not.
I wouldn't change
a hair on your head.
What is it, love?
I don't want to be a nobody.
Oh, love, there's no
such thing as a nobody.
Remember...
This might feel good.
But this...
...this is what matters.
You're enough.
I was nine years old
when I got my first real taste
of the limelight.
And I still remember
that taste -
pure, unadulterated terror.
Have you seen
the fit one with the big bulge?
After the show,
I'm going to touch him
where his bathing suit goes.
I'm going to fuck it up,
I know it.
So what?
No one will notice.
My dad will.
Just go out there, sing your
fucking song and walk off.
That's not enough!
He'll see right through me.
What am I going to do?
I don't know. I'm just
doing this for the sausage.
In the next three seconds,
I'm going to be found out.
They'll see that I'm ugly,
I'm stupid, I'm untalented.
I'm not good at anything.
But there is
one skill I'd practised
more than any other
child in the world.
Light 'em up.
And that's for showing off.
How's about a warm hand
on my entrance?
You see,
I thought to become famous
you had to be really,
really good.
Turns out you just have to
show off and be a bit cheeky.
Put your hands together
for our next contestant -
- Peter Williams.
- He's probably embarrassed.
Thank you very much.
You know the difference between
an 'oooh' and an 'aaaah'?
Well, it's about three inches.
♪ For I am a Pirate King
♪ You are!
Hurrah for the Pirate King ♪
I usually go
over people's heads.
♪ It's great to be
a Pirate King ♪
♪ It is!
Hurrah for the Pirate King ♪
Ooh, naughty!
Hurrah
for the Pirate... ♪
♪ Pirate...
Oh, ho, oh!
Eyes off my bum.
♪ ..King
Hurrah!
Yes, Robert!
Whoo!
You're useless!
You're a disgrace!
You're a fucking nobody!
Look at you...
I fucking hate you.
My dad won
five quid that night.
Oh, you're kidding me!
Although it might
as well have been five million.
Thank you very much.
You have been wonderful
and I've been Peter Will--
Conway. I'm Peter Conway!
Not only
did he change his name.
He changed his life.
One day he went to watch
the FA Cup Final.
Unfortunately,
he didn't come back.
The audience beckoned
and he left us to be
one step closer to his gods.
♪ Come on hold my hand
♪ I wanna contact the living ♪
♪ Not sure I understand
♪ This role I've been given
♪ I sit and talk to God
♪ He just laughs at my plans
♪ My head speaks a language
♪ I don't understand
♪ I just wanna feel real love ♪
♪ Feel the love ever after
♪ There's a hole in my soul
♪ You can see it in my face
It's a real big place ♪
♪ I need to feel real love
♪ And the love ever after
♪ I cannot get enough
Don't worry, Mum.
We'll be alright.
Light 'em up.
♪ I just wanna feel real love
♪ Feel the home that I live in
♪ 'Cause I got too much life
♪ Running through my veins
going to waste ♪
♪ I just wanna feel real love
♪ Feel the life ever after
♪ There's a hole in my soul
♪ You can see it in my face
It's a real big place ♪
♪ Come on hold my... hand
♪ I wanna contact the living ♪
♪ Not sure I understand
♪ This role I've been given
Next!
Take a pamphlet,
sign the form,
shut the door on your way out.
No, you're alright.
I know what I'm going to be.
Oh, aye, what's that then?
Famous! I'm going
to sing and dance.
I'm writing lyrics and all.
I've seen your grades, lad.
You couldn't rub
two words together.
"The world is mine to claim.
"All I need
is a fuckload of fame.
"Ooh, ooh, yeah."
Listen, don't embarrass
yourself, yeah?
This, it's not for you.
Keep your feet on the ground.
You might want to
frame that.
- Tosser!
-  Next!
♪ I've got the power
Whoo!
Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!
Hey! Oh!
♪ I've got the power
Oh, do it, Nate!
Fuck me! You'd make
a fucking awful stripper.
- You know that?
-  Fuck off.
Oh, that's my backup plan.
Hey, you should
come work with me.
Flint's always
looking for people.
Isn't he that
flashy cunt in the coupe?
Yeah, but he's proper.
Double glazing.
Easy job, easy money.
How'd you meet him?
- I shagged his mum.
- Fucking hell!
Ah, it's alright, he knows.
His dad wouldn't be
best pleased, though.
Fucking have that!
So have you told him
about the trials?
- Nah.
- Well, you better.
That scout was
fucking excited.
I thought he was going to blow
you right there on the pitch.
Fuck off!
I'm not going to the trials.
- I'm not going to the trials.
- Rubbish.
- I'm not.
- What?
Think of the money.
The supermodels.
The fans screaming for ya.
Yeah, I don't need
all that fancy shit.
- Fucking hell, Nate!
- Alright, calm down.
You've got a ticket to heaven
and you're going to stay here?
Oh, yeah, it's like you with
your singing, isn't it?
I just do it 'cause I love it.
Who gives a fuck
if you love it?
What matters is that other
people love you doing it.
You'll have to
get yourself to school.
I can't face it.
I've got a bastard
of a headache.
And an exam, which you
better have studied for.
Why do you think
my head's pounding?
You'll have more than a
pounding head if you haven't.
Oh, I love it when
she talks dirty.
You're going.
I'd take you, but I've got
a million deliveries.
God knows I've already had
one man lounging about...
A music
manager in Manchester
is holding auditions...
Shh.
...for young men...
Don't you bloody shush me.
- ...in singing and dancing.
-  Mum! Shush.
The man behind the venture,
Nigel Martin Smith,
is creating a new boy band.
I didn't think you're
interested in boy bands.
Mum, quick.
Quick! Quick! Write it down.
- Doors open at 9 AM...
- This is it!
This is it!
I'm going to be fucking famous!
Shut up, you tit!
Oh, fuck off, Glen!
♪ Para bailar
La Bamba ♪
♪ Para bailar La Bamba
♪ Se necesita una
poca de gracia... ♪
Whoo! Whoo!
He makes my tizzer go foo,
he does.
♪ Y arriba y arriba
♪ Ba, Ba, Bamba
Ba, Ba, Bamba ♪
Thank you.
Light 'em up.
I'm Robert.
Nigel Martin Smith
was, for legal reasons,
an absolute sweetheart.
Well, go on then.
And a first-class cunt.
♪ A buzzard took a monkey
for a ride in the air ♪
♪ The monkey thought that
everything was on the square ♪
♪ The buzzard tried to throw
the monkey off of his back ♪
♪ The monkey
grabbed his neck ♪
♪ And said,
"Now listen, Jack" ♪
♪ Straighten up and fly right
♪ Straighten up
and stay right ♪
♪ Straighten up and fly right
♪ Cool down, Papa,
don't you blow your top ♪
♪ Ain't no use in divin'--
He's bored of you.
Look at you.
You've got no talent.
You're not fucking Sinatra.
♪ Straighten up and fly right
♪ Cool down, Papa,
don't you blow your top ♪
Okay, that'll do, lad.
You do know this is a pop band?
Yeah.
Tell you what,
I'll do Milli Vanilli's--
No!
Cheers then.
So, shall we tell them
that you found your man
and they can all fuck off
home then, yeah?
No, don't you get up.
It'll be my pleasure.
And if I hadn't
winked in that moment,
none of this
would've happened.
I wouldn't even be here
talking to you.
Shhhh!
Break a leg,
you slags.
Cheeky little bastard.
He wouldn't know
talent if it jumped up
and bit him on the cock.
It's only been
a few hours, love.
He's got no eye for it, Nan.
You have to wait.
I fucked it.
He saw right through me.
I mean, look at me.
Do I look like
a pop star to you?
You look like
you always look.
Exactly.
A talentless fuck...
...who's going to die
alone and fat
and be craned out
of his shitpit in Stoke.
Aaagh!
Fuck, Nan!
Hello?
Youth?
Dad.
Um, your voice
is so low now.
Thought I had the
wrong number.
- How are you, Dad?
- Never better. Never better.
Now listen, um, I haven't got
long, but, uh, I was thinking -
how about you come visit?
- Really?
- Yeah, why not?
School holidays
are coming up.
You should come see what
the old man's been up to.
Yes.
I mean, yeah, definitely!
Smashing!
Alright, I better go.
A full house waits for
no man and all that!
- It'll be good to see ya, lad.
- Light 'em up, Dad--
-  Oh, Robert.
- Oh!
Come on!
- Oh, love.
- Bloody hell, Nan.
Oh, Lord.
Is everybody
having a good time?
Peter can't hear you.
You having a good time?
I was lucky enough
to grace the stage
with this next act
at a talent competition.
I'll never forget it.
He gave me a five.
Oooh.
Oh, it was sadder than that.
- Oooh.
-  Oooh.
So please put
your hands together
for the irresistible...
...the irrepressible...
...the irreplaceable...
Ooh!
I give him a ten out of ten -
Mr. Terry Swinton.
I've warmed
them up for ya.
♪ Oh, the shark has
pretty teeth, dear ♪
I thought I was losing that
stage left table for a bit,
but I won them back, didn't I?
Oh, yeah.
I'm glad you reached out.
It was a shock, but, you know,
in a good way.
I thought it was
about time, youth.
Hey, I forgot to tell you,
I'm joining this pop band.
Really? When...
when do you start?
Well, I'm not
definitely in yet, but...
- Oh...
- Well, no.
It's just that
I haven't heard back--
-  Watch it!
-  Oh, sorry.
♪ Now, Mack, he's spending...
Terry's the bollocks,
isn't he?
Yeah.
Actually, you might want
to keep that bed out for me.
Failed my exams -
complete fucking balls-up.
Mum's going to put me on the
first bus back when I tell her.
Fucking hopeless.
You've got to learn from this.
You're right.
All of this.
'Cause, you know,
you're learning from the best.
♪ Back in town
♪ Look out, old Mack is back
Let's hear it again.
Ten out of ten. Ten out of ten.
Seeing my dad
surrounded by the
stars of yesteryear
galvanised my need
to become famous.
But I had a more
immediate problem.
What's Mum going to be like
when I tell her
I failed my exams?
Fucked up the rest of my life.
- Did you have a good time?
- Yeah. Smashing.
- How is he?
- Great.
I, erm...
I've got something
to tell you.
So have I.
- I failed...
- You're in that band.
What?
You got in!
You're in that band.
Yes!
And I never had to tell her
I failed my exams - until now.
Sorry, Mum.
-  Shut up, you tit!
- Oh, fuck off, Glen!
Mother!
Nigel was my introduction
to the adult world.
He was fucking terrifying,
like Willy Wonka.
But what did I care?
I was 15, I was going to have
four older brothers,
and we were going
to take over the world.
Howard Donald, panelbeater.
If you got a dent on your car,
Howard would pound it out.
Jason Orange was
a featured dancer
on a genre-defining
TV music show
called 'The Hit Man and Her'.
Mark Owen...
Little Marco was... lovely.
And then of course...
Come here, you.
There was Gary Barlow,
and my first thought was,
who's this dickhead
in those trainers?
They are so three years ago.
Gary was a genius.
An actual genius.
♪ Once upon a time
I was falling in love... ♪
He'd been playing
the working men's clubs
since he was 12 years old
and was earning more
money than his teachers.
♪ There's nothing I can do
♪ A total eclipse
of the heart ♪
Trouble was -
Gary sang like an angel,
but he danced like a twat.
Seven, eight.
Hit! Hit!
You gotta bring the energy.
Come on!
...seven, eight. Foot and...
I recall thinking
two things that day -
a fifth of the spotlight
is better than nothing, and...
...if anyone from
Stoke sees me,
I'm fucking dead.
Tikka masalas all round,
no coriander for the boys.
-  Thank you.
- No coriander?
Whenever Nigel
took us out for dinner,
he would always say...
I'll put this on your account.
He wasn't joking.
He recouped it all.
Look around the table, go on.
In five years, we're all going
to hate each other.
But we'll be fucking rich.
Now, first things first.
We work up our act,
we take it on the road.
What about a record deal?
Well, that will come,
we'll get your demo sent out,
we'll let the
bidding war begin.
- Ah, but...
- Yes.
Before that, let's shore up
your backstories.
Mark and Jason, you were in
a breakdancing group together.
Gary and Howard, you were in
a band called The Cutest Rush.
Was I the lead?
You weren't then, my chicken,
and you're not now.
Fuck off!
Robert, you had
a bit part in 'Brookside'.
Oh, I was fucking great,
wasn't I?
You were a bit much, frankly.
Nige, can't we just say
I'm a songwriter?
I've got a ton of lyrics.
Well, I can hold my breath
for two minutes
but I'm not trying to be
a fucking submarine, am I?
Gary writes the songs, yeah?
You lot toe the line.
Oh, and also, your name's not
Robert anymore - it's Robbie.
Oh, tuck in, lads.
I fucking hated
the name Robbie,
but it was the single best
thing Nigel did for me.
Robbie became a character.
Something I could hide behind.
Oh, now, the name of the band?
Oh, Nige,
I've got a good one.
Kick It!
That's fucking awful.
I've already got the name
and it's brilliant.
And clench!
Take That!
Oh!
Initially,
Nigel's plan was for us to be
a band for the gay scene.
- Alright!
- ♪ La-la-la-la-la!
Let's do this. Just
remember what you rehearsed.
- Robbie, you alright?
-  Don't be nervous.
- You all look amazing.
- Light 'em up.
Robbie, what you doing?
Hurry up.
Don't keep 'em waiting.
Now, for years,
people have rumoured
about my sexuality.
The worst one was that
all my gay friends
have slept with me
and said I was crap.
I'm not bothered they
said I slept with them.
These are my boys!
It's me being
'crap' I'm worried about.
Play it loud!
♪ Woah, woah, woah, woah,
woah, yeah, woah, yeah ♪
♪ I thought I found love
with somebody else's girl ♪
♪ Yeah
♪ Walking 'round feeling
so broken-hearted ♪
♪ Lost in a different world
That night,
I discovered a wonderland.
It was welcoming
and non-judgmental.
I'd found my people.
I'd found the promised land.
For the entire
first eighteen months,
we made 180 pounds, each.
We played gay club
after gay club.
Two a night.
Until out of nowhere,
Nigel booked us a club
full of girls.
♪ Oh...
♪ I see heaven
in your eyes with me ♪
♪ Oh, baby
♪ Now I will give
my loving faithfully ♪
You gonna fucking listen!
Fucking useless prick.
I'm warning you!
♪ Heaven, sweet heaven, baby
♪ On the wings of love
♪ I found heaven, sweet
♪ Heaven sent you
straight to me ♪
♪ My sweet, sweet baby
- What?!
- Whoo!
What the fuck?!
Oh!
Yeah!
- Did you hear that?
-  Alright.
Settle down. Settle down.
Will you lot shut up?!
I felt like Elvis, but thin.
Ha ha!
I've got good news!
- Good news.
- Good news?
We've had some interest
from a few record labels...
- Oh, fuck off!
- ...in London.
- Oh!
- London! Yes!
- That's absolutely fantastic!
- Yes!
- Thank you so much.
-  Yeah, you deserve it.
- You've all done really well.
- Yes! Yes!
Except for one of ya.
Ooh.
We all know who that is,
don't we?
Robbie talked to
a local reporter.
"We're like the A-team.
I'm the sexy, talented one."
Who the fuck gave you--
I didn't know she was
a reporter, Nige.
You know, I almost
started to like you,
but you've fucking
ended that, haven't ya?
- Fuck off!
- What was that?
I think, uh, Robbie's developing
a sense of humour, Nige.
You think it'd be difficult
to go to Stoke-on-Trent,
get another scally with ratty
hair and call him Robbie?
Right, the club wants us
to do a meet-and-greet.
There's going to be
lots of girls in here,
so let's get one thing clear -
keep it in your pants.
No touching.
- No telephone numbers.
- What?
- No dating.
- No touching?
- Seriously?
- Ever!
- Nige?!
What's the point of
bringing them up here
- if we can't touch them?
-  Let's get this done.
- Alright! Bring 'em up!
- Nige!
Hi.
I love you all!
Nigel had
many rules for Take That,
and the most important was that
we always appeared attainable.
Safe sex is important...
He even made us
do a Safer Sex tour
for the Family
Planning Association.
So, remember...
Don't be a fool,
cover his tool.
Naturally,
I took it all to heart.
Oh, I love the way
you move, Gary.
I was happy to
play Gary for the moment.
Wow.
I'll never wash
my hands again.
- Oh, my God!
- Yeah?
Oh, my God, Hurry up,
hurry up! Quick!
- Oh, that's it.
- Gary, I already stopped.
And there it was,
the one time in Nigel's life
he wasn't the biggest
wanker in the room.
Right.
Straight up.
There's no appetite,
want or need for boybands.
They died a death.
It's all grunge now.
- Did you hear our demo?
- Yes.
These boys are going to
take this country by storm.
And if you don't sign
them right now,
I'll take them to another label
and you'll be the twat that
let the biggest band in history
slip through your pudgy
fucking fingers.
You won't do any of that,
'cause everyone else said no.
I only agreed to see you
because my daughter
saw you boys live,
and she's obsessed.
She assures me that you
are amazing in the flesh.
So...
...I'm going to take a punt that
you're right about these boys.
Now, which one of you is Gary?
That's me, I'm Gary.
Oh!
♪ Me with the floorshow
♪ Kickin' with your torso
♪ Boys getting high
and the girls even more so ♪
♪ Wave your hands
if you're not with a man ♪
♪ Can I kick it?
♪
♪ I got [funk], you got
We got everybody ♪
♪ I've got the gift
Gonna stick it in the goal ♪
♪ It's time to move your body
♪ Babylon back in business
Can I get a witness? ♪
♪ Every girl, every man
♪
♪ Houston, do you hear me?
♪ Ground control,
can you feel me? ♪
♪ Need permission to land
♪ I don't want to rock, DJ
♪ But you're making
me feel so nice ♪
♪ When's it gonna stop, DJ?
♪ 'Cause you're keeping
me up all night ♪
Let's go, boys!
- Whoa!
-  Whoa!
♪ Singin' in the classes
♪ Music for your masses
♪ Give no head
No backstage passes ♪
♪ Have a proper giggle
I'll be quite polite ♪
♪ But when I rock the mic
I rock the mic [right] ♪
♪ You got no love, then
you're with the wrong man ♪
♪ It's time to move your body
♪ If you can't get a girl
but your best friend can ♪
♪ It's time to
move your body ♪
♪ I don't want to be sleazy
Baby, just tease me ♪
♪ Got no family planned
♪
♪ Houston, do you hear me?
♪ Ground control,
can you feel me? ♪
♪ Need permission to land
♪ I don't want to rock
, DJ  ♪
♪ But you're making
me feel so nice ♪
♪ When's it gonna stop,
DJ? ♪
♪ 'Cause you're keeping
me up all night ♪
♪ Pimpin' ain't easy
Most of them fleece me ♪
♪ Every night
Yeah! Oh! Oh!
♪ Pimpin' ain't easy
♪ But if you're sellin' it
♪
♪ It's alright
Come on!
♪ I don't want to rock
♪ But you're making me
feel so nice ♪
♪ When it's going to stop,
DJ? ♪
♪ 'Cause you're keeping
me up all night ♪
♪ I don't want to rock ♪
♪ But you're making
me feel so... ♪
♪ You're making me
feel so nice ♪
♪ I don't want to rock, DJ
♪ But you're making me
feel so nice ♪
♪ When it's going
to stop, DJ? ♪
♪ 'Cause you're keeping
me up all night ♪
♪ I don't want to rock
♪ But you're making me
feel so nice ♪
♪ When it's going
to stop, DJ? ♪
♪ 'Cause you're keeping
me up all night ♪
Every day, there's a new lot.
The coach brings them in.
They come into the garden,
they nick the wood
off the fence,
the clothes off the line.
Someone should do
something about this.
Mum, they want this to happen.
I went down the post office
the other day
and someone called me
a posh slag.
Oh, love, you're not posh.
It's not funny. I can't make
my deliveries anymore.
I'm having to shut
the business, Robert.
Guess who's recording the
lead vocals for our new song?
Mm-hm.
I'll get us out
of this shithole
and buy us a fortress,
just like Gary.
And why would I want a
bigger house to hide in?
That was the first time
my mum closed the curtains.
I'm going to bed.
If they'll let me.
She didn't open
them for another ten years.
Hey, love...
Where's my little Robert gone?
I'm a pop star now.
Fat little Robert isn't going
to sell any albums, is he?
I'm just giving the people
what they want.
I go onstage
and act like a gladiator
and I pretend that the whole
world is lucky to see me.
And they all act accordingly.
They don't see what I see.
Then stop!
See, that's the
craziest thing to me.
I can't.
We love you, Robbie!
Now, fuck off!
I'm here at Take That HQ
with the man responsible
for the band's success,
Nigel Martin Smith.
It's quite a display.
It is, yeah, yeah, we got
Take That dolls,
Take That calendars,
Take That pillows, so you
can sleep with Take That.
I'm just kidding.
Probably cut that bit out.
Uh, for our ethnic fans, we have
Take That Babushka dolls.
Uh, Robbie's inside Mark,
who's inside Jason.
Jason's inside Howard and
they all fit snugly in Gary.
Hmm, that's quite cute.
Lyrics?
Just some ideas.
Well, come on then.
Give us a look.
- Will I get a credit?
- I don't know.
Are they any good?
- Wouldn't you like to know?
-  Fuck off.
You've got it
all over you.
-  Fuck off, Jason.
-  Whatever.
Hey. At least
pretend to give a toss.
- What, about all this?
-  Yeah.
Are you kidding?
Do you have any idea how
naff people think we are?
Oh, fuck off, Robbie,
they bloody love us.
Do you think Oasis
does this shit?!
We need to branch out.
Write something that's not
so fucking cringeworthy.
- And this coming from you.
- Uh...
The one who only shines
when the light's on him.
-  Alright, Gaz.
- No, no, let him speak.
You think you can just turn up,
scribble some
worthless shit
and get your name next to mine
in the song credits?
You add nothing to this.
Any of it.
♪ Turn back the time 'til the
days when our love was new ♪
♪ Do you remember?
♪ No matter what was happening
I was there with you-- ♪
Ah, just ah, hold it there
for a second, thanks, Robbie.
That was better, yeah?
Ah, you're... you're still
a little behind, I'm afraid.
Oh, I've always liked
a little behind.
Uh, what we might do, Robbie,
is, um, if we record it -
we can just record it
line by line, yeah?
And we can just
stitch it together later.
Nah, I can do it all at once.
Yeah, let's just, um,
let's just go again.
Yeah, let's go. I got it.
Sure thing, then. Uh...
Here we go.
♪ Turn back the time 'til the
days when our love was new ♪
♪ Do you remember?
♪ No matter what was happening
I was there with you ♪
♪ A ha ♪
♪ But if we all stand up
for what we believe ♪
♪ And maybe live within
our possibilities ♪
You're worthless.
You can't do what Gary does.
They're all laughing at ya.
♪ So, baby, don't
turn away, listen-- ♪
Ah, that's... that's great.
Thanks. Thanks, Robbie.
Just give us
one wee sec, yeah?
Fuck me.
I think we might
have it there, mate.
Thank you.
- Okay, great.
- Let's go, guys.
- Hey.
- Whoo!
Yeah, yeah. Cheers.
Cheers, Robbie.
Give it a sec, Gary,
before you head in there.
-  Oh, my God.
-  You did your best.
Yeah, you know, and
now I feel like the bad guy.
♪ Turn back the time...
Gary Barlow,
ladies and gentlemen!
It's already good.
Fucking hell, the difference!
It's like night and day,
isn't it?
Yeah. Thank you.
Oh, this is a hit.
I didn't know it
but I was suffering
from depression.
I hate that phrase -
'suffering from depression'.
It sounds so Scarlett O'Hara -
"I do declare, Mr. Butler,
"I have been suffering
with a bout of depression."
'Clinically depressed'
is better.
Way more lab coaty.
- Dad!
- Here he is! Here he is!
I didn't know you were--
Oh, my God!
I told you, didn't I?
You owe me a pint, love.
- Can I get a photo?
- Of course you can.
I'll take it for you.
Okay, here we go.
- Say 'fuzzy pickle'.
- Fuzzy pickle.
-  Ah...
-  Lovely.
Thank you so much.
Did you want one
with me in it?
Great idea, yeah!
Yeah, course you do.
Come on.
Look at that, eh?
Peas in a pod.
Can I lose you... use you...
Can I use your loo?
Yeah.
It's a number two.
Be my guest.
-  Oh, my God!
- Yeah... Oh.
She seems nice.
Oh, yeah, terrific. Terrific!
You know they've cordoned off
the whole street, don't ya?
There's girls everywhere.
They're not playing nice either.
It's like a bloodsport
out there.
I told the security lads
you were my son.
I nearly got torn apart.
You in town for long?
No, no, just... just passing
through. Back home tonight.
After I collect my pint.
I wish I'd known
you were coming.
- What's this?
- Nothing.
Prozac?
What have you got
to mope about?
You boys are flying.
Bloody Brits nomination...
I've been telling
everyone about that.
I know. It's just...
It's all a bit overwhelming,
Dad, you know?
It's like I can't keep track
of who I am anymore.
Well, go and ask
that lot out there.
They know exactly
who you are.
The other lads
you'd be hard-pressed
to pick 'em out
of a police line-up.
Well, not Gary, obviously,
'cause he's the creative one,
but, uh, you...
...you're living
the dream, youth.
We love you, Robbie.
How can you not
know who you are...
...when there are thousands
of people screaming your name?
Jesus! Rob!
-  What did he take?
-  Could be anything.
Hold the show
until I say.
-  No, no, no, no!
- You were an afterthought.
Couldn't sing, couldn't dance.
Looks... five at best.
Everything you have,
everything, I've given you.
And you don't
deserve any of it.
Oh, fucking hell!
- Are you fucking retarded?!
- I fucking told them...
- Alright! Get in position.
-  Fucking hell, Nige!
- I said, get in position, now!
- Get up, get up!
Wake up, you fucking baby!
Right, follow my lead!
All of this
because of a fucking wink.
♪ Help me escape
this feeling of insecurity ♪
♪ Ah, ah
♪ I need you so much
♪ But I don't think
you really need me ♪
♪ Ah, ah
♪ But if we all stand up
in the name of love ♪
♪ And state the case of
what we're dreaming of ♪
♪ I've got to say
I only dream of you ♪
♪ But like a thief
in the night ♪
♪ You took away the love
that I knew ♪
♪ Oh, oh-ho-ho-ho
♪ Relight my fire
♪ Your love is my only desire
♪ 'Cause I need your love
Oh!
Whoo! Whoo-hoo-hoo!
Passed out! That's a new low.
It was a dodgy curry.
Your job is simple -
sing the harmonies
and toe the line.
You'd like that, wouldn't ya?
Know your place.
You're making us look
like fucking idiots.
Ah! Hoo!
♪ Turn back the times
to the days when ♪
-  Oh, fuck!
- ♪ Our love was new
♪ Do you remember?
♪ No matter what was happening
I was there with-- ♪
♪ You
♪ A ha...
♪ But if we all stand up
for what we believe ♪
♪ And maybe live within
our possibilities ♪
♪ The world would be wild
for the dream ♪
♪ So, baby, don't turn away
♪ Listen to what
I gotta say, ah ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
♪ Relight my fire
♪ 'Cause I need...
♪ Oh, I need...
♪ Your love
♪ Sun
Because
he writes all the songs,
Gary makes all the money.
He's got a mansion
in the north of England
with a driveway full of cars.
Fuck me!
And a butler.
While I'm still
living at Mum's.
He's Elton now.
And they're all
waiting for me in the garden.
And it's to talk
about the problem.
- And I am the problem.
- Whoo!
Robbie, so, um...
Well, we've all been
having a think, and, um,
we'd quite like to do
the next tour as a, ah...
...as a four-piece.
Just to see
if we can do it.
Yeah.
To see if we can do it.
Perhaps
you could focus on
some of that solo material
you've been working on or, um...
To be honest, Rob,
we've been doing it as
a four-piece for a while.
I think you should.
Is that it, then?
Uh... Yeah.
Wheeee!
Can I take this?
Yeah, Rob.
If you want.
This is it!
This... is... the end!
♪ Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Hmm!
Fuck!
♪ So unimpressed but so in awe
♪ Such a saint
Such a whore ♪
♪ So self-aware
So full of shit ♪
♪ So indecisive
So adamant ♪
♪ I'm contemplating
thinking about thinking ♪
♪ It's overrated
Just get another drink in ♪
♪ Watch me come undone
♪ They're selling razor blades
and mirrors in the streets ♪
♪ I pray that
♪ When I'm coming down
you'll be asleep ♪
♪ If I ever hurt you,
your revenge will be so sweet ♪
♪ Because I'm scum
and I'm your son ♪
♪ I come undone
Fans are still reeling
from the announcement
on Monday
that Robbie Williams
has split from Take That.
Help Line switchboards, set up
after reports of suicides,
have been flooded by
tearful Take That fans...
But he had
built up a reputation
as a party animal...
♪ So rock'n'roll
So corporate suits ♪
♪ So damn ugly
So damn cute ♪
♪ So well-trained
♪ So animal
♪ So need-your-love
So fuck-you-all ♪
♪ I'm not scared of dying
I just don't want to ♪
♪ If I stopped lying
I'd just disappoint you ♪
♪ I come undone
♪ They're selling razor blades
and mirrors in the street ♪
♪ I pray that when I'm coming
down you'll be asleep ♪
♪ If I ever hurt you,
your revenge will be so sweet ♪
♪ Because I'm scum
but I'm your son ♪
♪ I come un--
How could you do this?
We need you, Robbie!
Don't go!
Robbie, don't do this!
Don't leave!
Hmm? Hmm?
The cheeky
member of Take That
is now the fucked-up
messy one
who's gone and
broken up the band.
And people hate me for it.
But really, they're only saying
what I think about myself.
I've a raging cocaine habit,
I'm a full-blown alcoholic
and I'm twenty-one.
I think I was always going to
be an alcoholic or an addict.
I just had the money and the
means to get there quicker.
But I'm also
incredibly competitive.
I mean, I've no idea
how I'm going to
pull off a solo career.
But there's an
energy to revenge,
and it's very, very seductive.
Ten, nine,
eight, seven, six, five,
four, three, two, one.
Happy New Year!
It's going to happen.
No ifs, no buts. No left,
no right. Just straight ahead.
I'm going to be
fucking massive.
A massive what?
Fuck! You scared
the shit out of me.
You said you
wanted to be massive?
Ah, well, I was just, um...
...wishing for
a little extra girth.
- What is it you do?
- Oh, yeah...
Oh sorry,
should I already know that?
No, no, no, no, no. Um...
No, I'm...
I'm a singer and songwriter.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah,
just starting out on my own.
I was in Take That and--
The boyband?
Oh, don't mind me.
Sorry.
No, you're alright.
I mean, it is why I left.
Dancing around
in the background
like a camp sadomasochist.
I mean, if I'm going
to look like a tosser,
I might as well do it
down stage centre.
So it's all about
the spotlight?
Wow, not even any lube.
Just full fist.
I'm just saying -
if you're gonna start out
on your own,
you might as well
be honest about why.
- Shit, are you a journalist?
- Fuck, no.
I'm just curious.
I'm not sure
you'd understand.
Try me.
You know, I was given
the golden ticket
but it felt like
I was bound and gagged
for the last five years.
And not in a hot way, either.
In like a battery
to the scrotum sort of way.
I don't know,
sexy, mysterious, masked lady.
I guess I've just
reached a point
where I want to prove
I can make it on my own.
Prove to who?
Everyone.
See? I told you
you wouldn't understand.
Oh, fuck me!
-  Nicole Appleton.
- ♪ I know where it's at
She and her sister
were members
of the girl band, All Saints.
Their manager was a cunt, too.
She was absolutely lovely -
with the single
worst taste in men.
Yeah, you alright?
Fame is so
fucking weird, isn't it?
It's like that uneasy
feeling you get
when they bring
the cake out
and the whole restaurant
sings "Happy Birthday" to you
and you can't wait until "Happy
Birthday" stops being sung.
I mean, people are
doing a really nice thing,
but you just want it
to stop so you can--
Eat the fucking cake.
Yeah.
Well, now you've got
your gag off,
what are you going to say?
- I've got some lyrics.
- Oh...
I mean, they're basically
different takes
on how much I hate myself.
Oh, so a Christmas album then?
I'm not sure about an album.
You know, at the moment,
I'd just like to write
one good song.
- You're overthinking it.
- Hmm?
Just write about
whatever's in front of you.
Look...
♪ I've got a boat but
mine's made of rubber ♪
♪ I cut a hole in the back
♪ And use my cock as a rudder
Yes! It's a hit!
See? You're going to be
massive in no time.
♪ I was her
♪ She was me
♪ We were one
♪ We were free
♪ If there's somebody
calling me on ♪
♪ She's the one
♪ If there's somebody
♪ Calling me on
♪ She's the one
♪ We were young
♪ We were wrong
♪ We were fine
all along ♪
♪ If there's somebody
♪ Calling me on
♪ She's the one
♪ When you get to
where you wanna go ♪
♪ And you know the things
you wanna know ♪
♪ You're smiling
♪ When you said
what you wanna say ♪
♪ And you know
the way you wanna play ♪
♪ You'll be so high ♪
♪ You'll be flying
♪ Though the sea
♪ Will be strong
♪ I know we'll carry on
♪ 'Cause if there's somebody
♪ Calling me on
♪ He's the one
♪ If there's
somebody calling me on ♪
♪ She's the one
♪ When you get to
where you wanna go ♪
♪ And you know the things
you wanna know ♪
♪ You're smiling
♪ When you said
what you wanna say ♪
♪ And you know the
way you wanna play it ♪
♪ You'll be so high
♪ You'll be flying
♪ She's the one
♪ He's the one
♪ You can't manufacture
a miracle ♪
♪ The silence was pitiful...
It's not...
It's not a competition, girls.
It's just hard work.
You need to put that in.
♪ Do a little dance...
Here.
This place is posh as fuck.
You know, I've just seen
fucking Bono in the toilet.
Had a look.
Tiny.
You've missed me, haven't you?
Ah, of course you have.
Hmm! Hey, so...
You know my girlfriend,
Kayleigh?
- Kayleigh.
- The one with the clubfoot?
No, she ain't got a clubfoot.
- Well...
- No. Her pelvis is out.
Anyway, she's... up the duff.
I'm going to be a dad.
That's amazing.
I'm just surprised the
little thing still works.
Fuck off!
Shut up! Shut up! Here it is.
The wait is over!
Coming in at number one,
it's new, it's brilliant,
it's "Never Ever"
by All Saints.
Whoo!
Come on!
- I can't believe it!
- Well done, babe.
- You deserve it.
- It'll be your turn next.
Nicole,
give us a few words!
Yes. Nicole.
Okay. Ahh, I just...
I can't believe we did it.
Number fucking one!
To everyone who has supported
us through the years,
you're family,
and we love you.
Whoo!
And to my...
Ah, to my best friends...
Having a number one is amazing
and getting to celebrate it
together is the best.
Liam Gallagher
was the lead singer of Oasis,
the biggest band on the planet.
I'm in love with their songs.
I'm in love with the lyrics.
I'm in love with how
provocative they are.
I'm just totally
in love with them,
and I want to be them.
Fame is a
powerful aphrodisiac.
It means even ugly people
can get laid.
Mind you,
guitars do that, too.
What's all that about, then?
Got a number one.
Is that all?
Fucking hell.
If I orgasmed every time
I had a number one,
I'd be fucking dry.
Yeah.
- You listen to this cunt?
- Yeah!
Like he fucking knows what
we're fucking talking about.
You want a number one,
you should've stayed
Gary's back-up dancer.
Guess who's had
the largest ever demand
for concert tickets
in British history?
Me.
And the band--
Knebworth, right?
125,000 fucking
screaming cunts.
That's insane.
It's how you know you've
made it, fucking knobhead.
Me and Liam
wouldn't always be so cuddly.
Would anybody like
to see me fight Liam?
Liam, a hundred grand
of your money,
a hundred grand of my money.
We'll get in the ring
and we'll have a fight
and you can all
watch it on TV.
What do you
think about that?
Now are you going to do it
or are you going to pussy out,
you fucking wimp?
Thankfully,
he wasn't in the country
at the time.
Knebworth...
Come on, let's go.
This is shit.
- Nice chatting to you, Noel.
- Fuck off, cunt.
Hey, twinkletoes,
you coming or what?
Yeah. Come on.
♪ Never ever
have I ever felt so sad ♪
Whoo!
Good evening, Knebworth.
You all look gorgeous tonight.
Here's one from my new album.
Thank you very much.
Hiya.
Fuck me, aren't you
Miss Number One
of the United Kingdom
of Britain?
- Maybe.
- Mm-hm.
And where did you end up?
I got kidnapped by
Liam Gallagher.
Oh...
And you looked like you were
having a good enough time.
Anyway, I was just trying
to make sense of it.
Of what?
"Never Ever".
You don't... What? You don't...
You don't like our song?
Oh, it's fine. I mean, I'm not
sure it's a number one, but...
Well, people seem to like it.
It would be nice if my fiancé--
Screaming, jumping around,
making fucking speeches...
And all that bullshit
about family.
It's not bullshit.
It's everything to me.
Right.
So did you tell them
that you gave up our family
to get that number one, then?
Nah.
I bet you left that bit out of
your little speech, didn't you?
You're so fucking ugly
when you're wasted.
Well, I'll be sober tomorrow.
Oh, and won't that be nice!
I can't believe I had to tell
everyone that you left tonight
because something
important came up.
It did.
Getting fucked up
with your mates?
At least they know how
to write a proper number one.
Which is more than you can.
Scribbling lyrics
in your little notebook,
but you're too scared
to show them to anyone.
A number one and she's
giving out the advice.
I didn't ask you to lie to
your friends, 'cause guess what,
I don't give a fuck
what they think!
You give a fuck
what everyone thinks, Rob.
That's all you give
a fuck about.
Dickhead.
We need crisps.
We're alright, Nan.
Well, I don't want you
wasting away on me.
They don't have washing
machines in London?
Yeah, but you
do it with love.
Oh, you bugger.
You should come home
more often, you know.
She's slowing down.
Rubbish.
Nan will outlive all of us.
Anyway, I'm about
to be very busy.
I rang around
and I've got a meeting
with a producer
called Guy Chambers.
Nicole's got a number one.
Fucking Gary's
got number ones.
And here I am turning
into a farmyard animal.
I wouldn't change
a hair on your head.
Bless you, Nan.
Now,
I spoke to your dad.
Oh, that makes one of us.
It's been radio silence
since I left the band.
He's agreed to see you again.
Agreed? What do you mean?
Well, to have you visit,
on your school holidays.
He called me, remember?
He said it'd been too long.
He invited me.
Yes, that's right.
I told him to.
You see?
-  Oh, Jesus...
- Oh, Betty.
No, no, no.
-  I'm so sorry.
- Oh, Betty.
No.
It's alright.
Hey, Nan, it's alright.
Shhh.
Come on. Don't cry.
It's alright.
-  Shhh, Betty.
-  I'm so sorry, love.
It's alright, duck.
I'm sorry.
♪ My rhyme's complex, yes!
♪ You're just picking up
giro cheques, bless ♪
♪ A whole life for the YTS, oh
♪ I line up in a line
of nine suspects ♪
♪ And I wine and dine
the fine witness ♪
♪ Then she reclines and
resigns to my wish list ♪
♪ So I pop it out
like the litmus test ♪
♪ And she's like, am I
allowed to lick this yet-- ♪
Okay, okay!
Hang on, hang on. Ugh.
Listen, I appreciate
you coming over,
but this isn't going to work.
Guy Chambers.
Guy likes it when I talk about
the holidays we shared,
and I like it when he agrees
to let me sing our songs.
You don't mind, do you?
So our lawyers
had a chat...
And here we are
on a beach.
Uh, lower...
You've only heard
half of them.
And they're all the same.
I can't even tell when one ends
and the next one begins.
It's like you've written lyrics
you think other people
want to hear.
I don't know...
That might be okay
in a boyband...
So you want me to get
naked on the first date?
Well, it's the only way
this works.
Songs are only valuable
if they cost you something.
Luckily, I'm always
naked on the first date.
If you're going to laugh,
do it on the inside, yeah?
I dent easily.
Can you give me a C?
♪ You can't--
Fuck me.
Better make it a B flat.
♪ You can't manufacture
a miracle ♪
♪ The silence was pitiful
♪ That day
♪ And love is
getting too cynical ♪
♪ Passion's just physical
♪ These days
♪ You analyse
everyone you meet ♪
♪ But get no sign
♪ Loving kind
♪ Every night you admit defeat
♪ And cry yourself blind
Ah, this is the chorus.
♪ If you can't wake up
in the morning ♪
♪ 'Cause your bed
lies vacant at night ♪
♪ If you're lost, hurt
♪ Tired or lonely
♪ Something beautiful
will come your way ♪
And the second verse.
♪ The DJ--
No, no! No! Hang on, hang on.
Um...
We have to double the chorus
or it'll sound crap.
What was that list? Lost...
♪ ..hurt, tired or lonely...
Right, that's the hook.
That's the gold.
The 'something beautiful' bit
is cream on top. You've got...
♪ Lost, hurt, tired or lonely
And then you repeat.
You understand?
- Yeah.
- Right.
Pick it up from the chorus,
and, you know,
give it some welly.
Even if it's shit,
you got to make it your shit.
Two, three...
♪ If you can't wake up
in the morning ♪
♪ 'Cause your bed
lies vacant at night ♪
♪ If you're lost, hurt,
tired or lonely ♪
♪ Can't control it
Try as you might ♪
There you go!
♪ May you find that love
that won't leave you ♪
♪ May you find it
by the end of the day ♪
♪ You won't be lost, hurt,
tired or lonely ♪
♪ Something beautiful
will come your way ♪
One more time.
♪ Something beautiful
♪ Will come your way
You're not as crap
as I thought.
Thanks.
We need to clean it up
a bit but it's a start.
Now, what else have
you got in there?
♪ Radio Wave...
And coming up we have a
surprise guest in the studio.
It's none other than
ex-Take That bad boy,
Robbie Williams!
Chris Briggs -
manager to the stars.
Amazingly, he saw
something in me.
I mean, besides monstrous
amounts of drugs and booze.
It'll be nice
and intimate.
Fifty people or so -
contest winners,
so they'll be super excited.
And just remember
it's going out live,
so mind your
'shits' and 'fucks'.
You should start with a cover,
something people recognise.
We want them to
recognise our songs.
And they will, but you
have to woo them first.
You gotta get me
to Knebworth.
How about you
get through this one
without giving yourself
a heart attack?
Just get me there, alright?
Baby steps, mate.
Look, I know this isn't
much of a gig, but--
Oh, I don't know.
Blackpool, Knebworth... Hi!
Plus, we need the air time.
What have you got to lose?
I would've said my dignity
but Take That
already stole it, so...
I mean it, Briggsy,
I have got to play Knebworth.
Whatever it takes.
It'll take everything.
Sure you're ready for that?
Then make every
performance count.
Light 'em up.
One, two, three, four.
♪ You got to know how to pony
Like Bony Maronie ♪
♪ Do the mashed potato
♪ Do the alligator
♪ Put your hands on your hips
♪ Let your backbone slip
♪ Do the watusi
♪ Like my little Lucy
♪ Na-na-na-na-na
na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
You're going to die!
You've left
the safety of the band
and now you're going
out on your own.
How does that feel?
I couldn't be happier.
I'm finally free, you know,
and this is only the beginning.
Come on!
Well, the
first punches have been thrown
and it's Gary Barlow
at number one...
Light 'em up.
...while Robbie's first album,
"Life Thru A Lens",
has debuted at
number eleven.
- Robbie's fate now rests...
-  Oh!
...on a national
charm offensive tour.
Lock up your daughters,
lock up your sons.
It's Robbie Williams!
You know what
I need you to do!
One, two, three, four.
♪ Na-na-na-na-na
na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
♪ Na-na-na-na
♪ Na--
I'm
gonna rip your fucking eyes out!
With his new album...
Come on!
...rocketing up the charts,
ladies and gentlemen,
Robbie Williams!
♪ Na-na-na-na
Please
welcome Robbie Williams.
Robbie Williams,
ladies and gentlemen.
He's an
internationally loved star...
♪ I said watch me do it
I wanna sing,
goddamnit!
♪ Watch me do it
And I wanna dance.
Being a pop star means
you can live
all your fantasies.
I think it's what's known
as the 'lucky bastard'.
Well, you know, being
in a relationship means
I've put away
my shagging boots.
But I know where the closet is.
♪ Dance with me, honey ♪
♪ Like long tall Sally
You know the great thing is
I've actually arrived now,
because back... back at home,
I've been voted
the 'Rear of the Year'.
Is that right?
You gonna show us?
So it's fair to
say you're box office, right?
I've got me platinum disc
and then I'm getting
a double platinum disc now.
It means I'm very famous.
♪ One, two,
na-na-na-na-na-na-na ♪
We are coming for you!
You can't write. You haven't
got 'it'. You've got nothing!
You are fucking dead!
Move! Move!
Light 'em up!
-  Robbie!
- Fuck off, the lot of ya!
Fuck off!
♪ Na-na-na-na-na
And the
winner is... Robbie Williams.
-  Robbie Williams!
-  It's Robbie Williams!
And the winner is
Robbie Williams!
-  Robbie Williams...
-  Robbie Williams!
A perfect end
to a great night
for Robbie Williams.
I'm sure you all
recognise this young man,
but did you know
he had a famous father?
No!
If any of you
lovely ladies wanna come up
and sit on Santa's knee,
I'll see what I've got
in my sack for you.
Rob?!
Brrrr.
Light 'em up.
Whoa!
♪ You got mashed potato
♪ Do the alligator
We're
going to peel your skin off.
Slit your throat.
We are going to
fucking murder you!
♪ Long tall Sally...
♪ Jump back
in the alley, baby ♪
♪ Put your hand
on your hip ♪
♪ Oh! Let your backbone slip
♪ Oh, yeah
♪ Oh
♪ Yeah!
Where are you going to run?
Where are you going
to fucking hide?
You useless little prick!
You're going to die alone,
you cunt!
You're fucking replaceable!
You can't escape this!
Oh, yes,
put it there, son.
Fan-bloody-tastic!
- Listen to that. It's deafening.
-  Robbie! Robbie!
Oh, thank you.
I'm the dad.
Taught him
everything he knows.
Peter Conway.
You know what, Chris,
entrances and exits.
No one cares about
that stuff anymore.
But tonight, you outshone
Tom Jones, lad!
Oh, look at him.
Just another day at the office.
Well, this is going
to knock your socks off.
Rob! Rob!
Guess who's playing
Knebworth next summer?
Knebworth! Ha ha!
Wait till I tell the lads!
Hey, have you thought
about a support act?
Now, I could do you
a couple of numbers.
Four at most.
It's incredible.
It also comes
with a new record deal.
It's obscene!
Yeah-heh-heh!
Look at you!
You're bulletproof. Ha ha!
Oh, I need a drink.
Look at this!
Just what the doctor ordered.
Okay,
I'll leave you to celebrate.
Congratulations.
Thanks, Chris.
Knebworth.
How does it feel?
Crippling.
It'll sink in.
It's like someone's picked
sides for an after-school game
and it's all gone
horribly, horribly wrong.
I mean, it's...
It's one against thousands.
Bollocks!
The audience loves ya.
I can't do it.
I can't carry Knebworth.
I'll be like a lamb to
the fucking slaughter, Dad.
- It's just stage fright.
- You're not listening!
No. It's normal. Okay?
You know what's
always helped me?
A little bit of Dutch courage.
Don't I know it.
Dad, I'm sorry. Dad!
No one buys a ticket to
hear your problems, son.
You wanna know why
these people are gods?
'Cause they make other
people's problems go away.
Dad, Dad, stay. Please!
Whoa!
My next guest
has been climbing the charts
- and conquering the world.
- Here he is!
Ready? Here's daddy's best mate.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Robbie Williams!
Well, this has been
a sudden change in
fortune for you, has it not?
I mean, you're flying high.
Sober as a judge, Parky.
Well, uh...
Sorry, sorry, I have to do this.
Ooh!
Look, Nan, it's Parky!
Oh, Betty!
It's Robert.
Let's talk if we may
about this success
you've been having.
I mean, it's not
the first time,
is it?
You've had it before
with Take That.
Would you say that this is
a different kind of success?
It means a great deal
more to me now.
I'm about to perform
in front of a record crowd
at Knebworth in a few weeks.
No, no, stop it. It's nothing.
It's only the biggest music
event in British history!
That's my boy.
But, of course, Knebworth
is not the only record
you've broken recently, is it?
There's the matter of
your new deal with EMI -
eighty million pounds.
- How does that feel?
-  Ah, I don't know.
I'm rich beyond
my wildest dreams!
I thought
I was quoting that lady
who famously
won the lottery.
- But she said...
- Spend, spend, spend!
So no one got it.
Mind you, I've said
worse things in interviews.
How would you describe
your time with Take That?
I was very fortunate
to be in Take That...
...and four out of the five
Spice Girls.
Posh said no, didn't she?
Uh, now, you've connected
with many women in the past--
Oh, we're going to talk
about my sex life.
Well, I suppose...
There's nothing to write
home about.
Which is a shame 'cause Mum
loves getting those letters.
Oh, I mean,
how many flat tyres
can you have?
The second one...
...we didn't even
get out of the car.
There was no way Natalie
was gonna ruin her hair,
so they just jacked it up
with us all inside.
And the weather was--
I'm just
popping to the loo.
The weather
was horrendous.
At least the sound was good.
My voice was tired, though.
Probably because
I wasn't sleeping.
Which is weird because the bed
was insanely comfortable.
I even got the name of the
mattress in case we wanted...
But you're
finally settling down?
I have
to be a realist.
You know, we're both
on tour a lot,
and it can be difficult,
you know.
So tell me, what's
it like for Robbie Williams
to be in love?
Well, that's difficult too.
Um...
Flings are much easier.
You make me feel
so small...
...and I've hated you for it...
...for making me feel so...
...unnecessary.
The fucking awful
things you do...
I thought you couldn't help it.
But you just don't want to.
And I can't help you anymore.
Rob?
Rob, please say something.
Baby...
-  Nic, please!
- You're a fucking animal!
Babe...
Babe, you need to calm down.
Don't tell me
what I need.
Listen...
-  Get out!
-  I can fix it!
You're too fucking late!
But I love you!
Easy!
Easy now. Come on.
Briggsy...
Oh, what the fuck.
- He's alright.
- Course I am!
Shit!
You should've said 'no'
to this one.
To "Top of the Pops"?
You can't buy
this kind of promotion.
What's to promote?
Knebworth's sold out.
The world tour.
What, he just does Knebworth
and then he pops his feet up,
does he?
You thought getting
to the top was hard.
Try staying there.
-  On in five.
-  Come on, you're up.
Leave it.
Ooh, it's a woman!
Hi, Mum, I'm about
to go on "Top..."
Where have you been?
- I've been trying to reach you.
- I know, I know, but listen.
I'll have to talk to you
later, ducky head,
because my pianist, well, he's
accidentally shat himself,
and it's just a horror show.
It's your nan.
She kept asking for ya.
I tried calling ya, but...
I'm so sorry, love.
She's gone.
Come on, mate.
Let's go.
Whoever pulls
the sword out of the stone
gets to be
the new King of England.
He's here tonight to sing
what has become the
unofficial national anthem.
It's the song on everyone's
lips and in everyone's hearts.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the ego has landed.
So the
next thing you know,
all the knights
are straining...
...and turning red.
But nobody could budge it.
So you can imagine
how everyone laughed
when little Arthur
stepped up for his turn.
Everyone.
Except Merlin.
Merlin just stroked his beard
and whispered,
"Arthur,
"I know those sexy, muscular
knights couldn't do it
"and you're just
a little fart of a child
"with puny little arms.
"But I believe in you."
♪ I sit and wait
♪ Does an angel
♪ Contemplate my fate?
♪ And do they know
the places where we go ♪
♪ When we're grey and old?
♪ 'Cause I have been told
♪ That salvation
♪ Lets their wings unfold
♪ So when I'm lying in my bed
♪ Thoughts running
through my head ♪
♪ And I feel that
love is dead ♪
♪ I'm loving angels instead
♪ And through it all
♪ She offers me protection
♪ A lot of love and affection
♪ Whether I'm right or wrong
♪ And down the waterfall
♪ Wherever it may take me
♪ I know that life
won't break me ♪
♪ When I come to call
♪ She won't forsake me
♪ I'm loving angels instead
♪ And through it all
♪ She offers me protection
♪ A lot of love and affection
♪ Whether I'm right or wrong
♪ And down the waterfall
♪ Wherever it may take me
♪ I know that life
won't break me ♪
♪ When I come to call
♪ She won't forsake me
♪ I'm loving angels instead
They were out of
salt and vinegar.
I don't want 'em.
Okay.
Hey, we should get
the boys together.
Hey? Have a little knees-up
before your concert tomorrow.
It'd do you good.
I can't face it.
Zip me up.
Fucking hell.
What time's lift-off?
- It helps hide the fat.
- Oh, yeah.
You've no idea what it
takes to get up there.
I can't sleep.
My back's fucked.
Yeah, but once you're up there,
you're smashing it, so...
See, that fucks me right off
when people say that.
Being up there's the worst bit.
Pays alright, though.
Fuck.
You don't understand.
No, no,
I don't understand.
But at least I'm trying.
You know all I wanted
was for you to ask me,
just once, how I'm doing.
You know, with work
and my little girl or...
I'm about to walk out
to 125,000 people!
You've got no fucking idea
what that feels like.
Yeah, and you've no idea
that I earn in a month
what you fucking
snort in a minute.
Or... or... or that
Kayleigh's shacked up
with some fucking butcher,
and so I'm living in an estate
surrounded by
fucking psychopaths!
Or that I only get
to see my kid
for two hours
every fortnight or--
- So you need money?
-  Fucking hell!
You know, jealousy
don't suit you, Nate.
Jeal...
Are you fucking kidding?!
Alright, yeah, I might
have close to fuck-all,
but you,
you have fucking nothing!
And this coming from you -
a nothing, nobody cunt!
You know the difference
between me and you, Nate?
It's not my money,
it's not your kid.
It's the fact that
I had the fucking balls
to make something
of myself.
Yeah.
You bought a ticket
to the dream,
and the dream came true, and...
Yeah, fuck it, I am,
I'm jealous of that.
But you can keep
the fucking rest.
Nate! Nate!
Nate!
Fuck!
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
♪ Somewhere beyond the sea
♪ Somewhere waiting for me
♪ My lover stands
on golden sands ♪
♪ And watches the ships
that go sailing ♪
And the crowd goes mild!
Time to get ready, youth.
Going by helicopter and all.
Youth?
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Oh, shit.
Youth!
You bastard!
I thought you'd passed out.
I have waited my whole life
for you to step up.
And all it took was
booking the biggest concert
in British history.
What are you going on about?
When you left us--
Where's all this coming from?
All those years, I thought
he's just sorting himself out.
He'll miss me so much
and he'll come back.
Yeah, and I did.
Yeah.
'Cause Nan made you.
I didn't leave you with
nothing, though, did I?
Where do you think
your talent comes from?
Jesus Christ.
You've forgotten how
fucking lucky you are,
that's your problem.
It's a privilege
to do what we do.
What we do?
You live in a caravan.
You perform to fifteen
fucking people a night.
And I love every second of it.
And I don't need pills
to get me through.
Fucking hell...
Sure, I'd give anything
to play to a big crowd.
Of course I would!
But if I only ever played
to one person
for the rest of my life,
I'd be happy giving them
everything I've got.
Unless that person
was me, though, right?
Really?! Who's been cheering
you on from the wings, hey?
Who was it who stopped ya
from ruining your career?
There wouldn't be
a Robbie Williams
if it wasn't for me.
You've always been there
for Robbie Williams, Dad.
Why couldn't you just
be there for Robert?
You off to watch
the football, then, yeah?
Nice one.
I'll see you in six years!
You don't have it.
That's why you never made it!
Not as a husband, not as
a father, not as anything!
Peter Conway
doesn't fucking have it!
Everything
has come down to this.
They've come for me.
And I'm going to die out there.
This is the end.
Light 'em up.
♪ Hell is gone
and heaven's here ♪
♪ There's nothing left
for you to fear ♪
♪ Shake your ass,
come over here, now scream ♪
♪ I'm a burning effigy
of everything I used to be ♪
♪ You're my rock
of empathy, my dear ♪
♪ So, come on,
let me entertain you ♪
♪ Let me entertain you
♪ Life's too short
for you to die ♪
♪ So grab yourself an alibi
♪ Heaven knows your
mother lied, mon cher ♪
♪ Separate your
right from wrong ♪
♪ Come and sing
a different song ♪
♪ The kettle's on,
so don't be long, mon cher ♪
♪ So, come on
♪ Let me entertain you
Good evening, Knebworth.
My name is Robbie Williams.
This is my band.
And for the next two hours,
your arse is mine!
♪ Look me up
in the Yellow Pages ♪
♪ I will be
your rock of ages ♪
♪ See-through fads
and your crazy phases ♪
♪ Little Bo Peep
has lost his sheep ♪
♪ Popped a pill
and fell asleep... ♪
We're going to slaughter you.
You're fucking useless!
♪ Your mind gets burned with
the habits you've learned ♪
♪ But we're the generation
that's got to be heard ♪
♪ You're tired
of your teachers... ♪
You've got nowhere to go!
Do everyone a favour
and fucking end it!
- Bounce! Bounce! Bounce!
- ♪ Let me entertain you
♪ Let me entertain you
There's only one way out!
You don't deserve
to fucking live.
You will never be enough!
♪ He may be good
He may be out of sight ♪
♪ But he can't be here
So come around tonight ♪
♪ Here is the place
where the feeling grows ♪
♪ You gotta get high
before you... ♪
♪ Let me entertain you
♪ Come on, come on
- ♪ Come on, come on
- Whoa!
♪ Come on, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
No, no, noooo!
Argh!
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on, come on,
come on, come on ♪
♪ Come on,
come on, come on, come on ♪
Argh!
♪ Send someone to love me
♪ I need to rest in arms
♪ Keep me safe from harm
♪ In pouring rain
♪ As my soul
♪ Heals the shame
♪ I will grow
through this pain ♪
♪ Lord, I'm doing
all I can... ♪
♪ Send someone to love me
♪ I need to rest in arms
♪ Keep me safe from harm
♪ In pouring rain
♪ Give me endless summer
♪ Lord, I fear the cold
♪ Feel I'm getting old
♪ Before my time
♪ As my soul
♪ Heals the shame
♪ I will grow
through this pain ♪
♪ Lord, I'm doing
all I can... ♪
I lost the house.
The worst thing was
I lost the ability to care.
You are next,
if you want to share.
I feel a bit stupid,
to be honest.
I'm just a chav that got
everything they ever wanted.
It's a bit fucking embarrassing,
to be frank.
I was taught that fame
would solve everything.
But fame's got fuck-all
to do with me.
It's about acting out
everyone else's fantasies.
The shagging, the boozing,
the showing your bollocks on TV
and people cheering you for it.
Fame looks good in a photo.
They say your life freezes
at the age you become famous.
So I am fifteen.
I'm stunted.
I'm unevolved.
And that's why I'm always like,
"Oh, it's okay.
"I think I'm a cunt.
I'm fine with it."
So I get in there
before you do.
And I fucking
hate myself for it.
Sometimes it's a curse
to get everything we want.
Repairing close relationships
is a good first step
to repairing ourselves.
♪ Go easy on my conscience
♪ 'Cause it's not my fault
♪ I know I've been taught
♪ To take the blame
♪ As my soul heals the shame
♪ I will grow
through this pain ♪
♪ Lord, I'm doing
all I can... ♪
♪ Give me endless summer
Lord, I fear the cold ♪
You did it.
And you deserve this.
♪ I will grow
through this pain ♪
♪ Lord, I'm doing
all I can... ♪
♪ Lord, I'm doing all I can
♪ To be a better man
Good evening, folks.
Good evening, you slags.
No, good evening, folks.
So, who is Robbie Williams?
Well, I've been called
many things -
narcissistic, punchable,
shit-eating twat.
But while I'm all those things,
I want to show you
how I really see myself.
So, sit back, relax,
while I give you a right
fucking entertaining.
So, the story starts...
This is the last song
of the evening.
It's sadder than that.
It's much sadder than that.
Thank you for being
a wonderful audience tonight
and making
my dream come true.
I want to thank my mum...
...for being there
when I needed ya.
Always.
I love you.
You guessed it, folks!
♪ And now, the end is near
If you know the words,
sing up.
If you don't, shut up,
it'll sound crap.
♪ ..the final curtain
♪ My friends,
I'll say it clear ♪
♪ And state my case
♪ On which I'm certain
I love you, Robbie!
♪ I've lived a life
that's full ♪
♪ I've travelled each
and every highway ♪
Come on.
♪ And more...
Everybody!
♪ Much more than this
♪ I did it my way
Now, I couldn't
finish the show
without mentioning
someone else here tonight.
I share a lot of the same
mannerisms as this person.
People say I sing
a bit like him too.
He's made me who I am -
all the good things
and a touch of the bad.
And I wouldn't be
where I am without him.
We haven't performed
together for...
...twenty five years.
But I've wanted to
every day since.
Please welcome to the stage...
...my dad.
Thank you very much.
What do you think, youth,
shall we light 'em up?
Tell it like it is, Dad.
♪ Regrets, I've had a few
Me too.
♪ But then again
♪ Too few to mention
♪ I did what I had to do
♪ And saw it through
♪ Without exemption
♪ I planned
each charted course ♪
♪ Each careful step
♪ Along the byway
- I'm sorry, Robert.
- I know, Dad.
You always had it, you know.
Now, look at you.
You're one of the gods.
♪ My way
♪ Yes, there were times ♪
♪ I'm sure you knew
♪ When I bit off
more than I could chew ♪
♪ And through it all
♪ When there was doubt
♪ I ate it up
and spit it out ♪
♪ I faced it all
♪ And I stood tall
♪ And did it my way
Peter Conway, everybody.
My dad!
Or at least that's
what Mum told us.
Oh, Robbie...
♪ I've loved
I've laughed and cried ♪
♪ I've had my fill
My share of losing ♪
♪ And now
♪ As tears subside
♪ I find it all so amusing
♪ To think I did all that
♪ And may I say
♪ Not in a shy way
♪ Oh, no
Oh, no, not me ♪
♪ I did it my way
♪ For what is a man
♪ What has he got?
♪ If not himself,
then he has naught ♪
♪ To say the things
he truly feels ♪
♪ And not the words
♪ Of one who kneels
♪ Let the record show
♪ I took the blows
♪ And did it
♪ My
♪ Way
We love you!
Nan! This is your grandson
singing and I love you.
♪ I did it
♪ My
♪ Way
Who did I love
when I was a kid?
I loved Frank Sinatra.
Come on!
And I loved my dad
and he's an entertainer.
Shit! That's who I am.
That feels good to me.
I want to make the
twelve-year-old at my nan's,
watching TV on a Saturday night,
feeling safe.
I wanted to make that
same twelve-year-old
feel safe onstage.
I'm a fucking entertainer.
It might be cabaret,
but it's world-class cabaret,
and I'm the fucking best at it.
Fuck yourselves!
♪ I walked along
a forbidden road ♪
♪ I had to know
Where does it go? ♪
♪ Like birds that
fly into the sun ♪
♪ I had to run
I'm not the only one ♪
♪ Why do you
look at me that way? ♪
♪ I'm not a problem
that needs solving ♪
♪ The truth is still evolving
♪ Life is the choices
that we make ♪
♪ We're the masters
of our own fate ♪
♪ The painter and the paint
♪ You need to lose your mind
♪ To get back to the light
♪ Sometimes
♪ I walked along
a forbidden road ♪
♪ I had to know
Where does it go? ♪
♪ Like birds that
fly into the sun ♪
♪ I had to run
I'm not the only one ♪
♪ Maybe I'm never satisfied
♪ I made a lot of
poor decisions ♪
♪ Yeah, I made
some revisions ♪
♪ And I'm still trying
to get it right ♪
♪ I'm a living contradiction
The cure and the affliction ♪
♪ You need to lose your mind
♪ To get back to the light
♪ Sometimes
♪ I walked along
a forbidden road ♪
♪ I had to know
Where does it go? ♪
♪ Like birds that
fly into the sun ♪
♪ I had to run
I'm not the only one ♪
♪ So do you love me now?
♪ Or did I let you down?
♪ You said you wanted
all my secrets ♪
♪ So I showed you
all my demons ♪
♪ Do you love me now?
♪ I walked along
a forbidden road ♪
♪ I had to know
Where does it go? ♪
♪ Like birds that
fly into the sun ♪
♪ I had to run
I'm not the only one ♪